http://www.connectedmagazine.ca/connect/15394/app-addict-halloween-edition/


by Santosh Limaye (October 12, 2011)
Not a musician, but.	I never thought I'd enjoy such an application for my phone, but ah, what a wonderful experience!


     
by jonathan (October 12, 2011)
Out of so many free music apps, this leads the pack	The interfaces are elegant and intuitive, and the number of sounds the program is capable of generating is extremely impressive.


     
by (October 12, 2011)
What the f..... !	What brilliant nonsense ! LOL


by Cube (September 16, 2011)
Coolest piano like music app so far.	Coolest music like piano app so far I would think somebody who knows music could use it to make sweet synth or 16bit/ 8-bit chiptune like music and HDMI it out to a projector big screen at a club if you was a dj or something. The plasma mist smoke looks a bit blocky and low res on my Xoom tablet screen and large screens though like a ps1 fog effect. some strange graphic bugs too looks like a glitchy NES game sometimes with things showing up that look like they should not be there.


     
by Ollie (July 12, 2011)
Beautiful and sounds great	This is as lovely to watch as it is to play. I love the multitouch and the range of customisable features. This app is pretty epic as it it, but I'd like to see further effects, such as super long sustains and ability to manipulate shape of wave forms over time. I'd also like more preset sounds to play with. Brilliant. Shocked that something so good could be for free.


     
by scott (September 22, 2011)
Well put together.	Interesting app. Wish I could hook my phone (epic 4g) to an amp and jam out. Fun to tweak the settings and play around. Added bonus, stunning visuals.


     
by Garion (September 20, 2011)
Absolutely wonderful, thank you so much for this - the loveliest app I've installed on my Droid so far.


     
by barbara jo (September 15, 2011)
Cool beans!!	This is such fun!! Don't think I'll let grandkids see it...I'd never get my phone back!! Really cool app..and I am an ol gray hair!!


     
by SunLikeStar (September 14, 2011)
Five Star App	To quality app, I sleep playing with it every night :) Just update the app again, i think now i trust the developer enough now to put it on automatic update. Much respect for keeping it add free.


     
by David (September 13, 2011)
Genius	I can't imagine how many hours were put into this.

